Basic functionality

1. Play music: The most important feature of the Internet Radio Player is to 
play live streaming audio from existing online radio stations. This implies the 
ability to play/pause/stop the music at any time.

2. User-Friendly Radio-Like interface: The user should be able to easily access 
all the features of the website. For example using buttons for play/pause/stop
buttons, the ability to adjust the volume using a volume slider etc.

3. Selection of Stations: The user should be able to choose from a variety of 
stations; listed in categories.

4. Pop up: When a radio station is selected, a pop up will appear with the 
selected station.

5. Register/Login: The user will have the possibility to log into the system.
All data will be stored in a database.

6. Popularity: The stations will have a popularity bar indicating how popular to 
the rest of the users are, depending on the number of clicks and time spend on 
each station.

7. Recommedations: Once the user logs in to the system, recommendations about
other stations will be displayed based on his/her preferences and what other 
users, who also listen to that station, prefer to listen.

8. Display/Manipulate meta-data for stations: The Internet Radio Player should 
provide information about the station that is currently playing, like what song is 
currently playing.

9. Cross Browser Compatibility: The users should be able to use the browser of their 
choice. The Internet Radio will be compatible with Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox,
Opera and Firefox. 


Extensions: 

1. Archiving: The user will be able to record up to 2 hours of audio from one station 
and listen to it up to 2 days later.

2. Facebook: Once the user logs into the system he will be linked with his/her facebook 
account and therefore be able to post on his facebook wall.

3. Ratings: The user will be able to rate the stations he/she listens to. This will give us 
feedback from the users in order to improve our choices of stations given to them. 

4. Crawling: A web crawler will visits a list of URLs and will identify radio stations for the 
user, given a specific search criteria. The crawler will return a list of URLs to the user.

5. Smartphone: The Internet Radio Player could be extended to be a smartphone application as well,
working on Android.

6. Broadcasting own show: The user could have the possibility of broadcasting his/her own show.
This includes being able to upload songs which be stored in our database and creating a link that
other users will use to listen to that radio. The user will have a limited amount of space.


